 Experiment Steps:
 Step 1: Creating a Repository
 ● Signin to your Bitbucket account.
 ● Click the "Create" button to create a new repository.
 ● Choosearepository name, visibility (public or private), and other settings.
 ● Click "Create repository."
 Step 2: Cloning a Repository
 ● Openyourterminal or command prompt.
 ● Navigate to the directory where you want to clone the repository.
 ● Copytherepository URL from Bitbucket.
 ● Runthefollowing command:
 git clone <repository_url>
 ● Replace <repository_url> with the URL you copied from Bitbucket.
 ● Thiswill clone the repository to your local machine.
 Step 3: Making Changes and Creating a Branch
 ● Navigate into the cloned repository:
 cd <repository_name>
 ● Create a new text file named "example.txt" using a text editor.
 ● Addsomecontent to the "example.txt" file.
 ● Savethefile and return to the command line.
 ● Checkthe status of the repository:
 git status
 ● Stagethe changes for commit:
 git add example.txt
 ● Commit the changes with a descriptive message:
 17
git commit-m "Add content to example.txt"
 ● Create a new branch named "feature":
 git branch feature
 ● Switch to the "feature" branch:
 git checkout feature
 Step 4: Pushing Changes to Bitbucket
 ● AddRepository URL in a variable
 git remote add origin <repository_url>
 ● Replace <repository_url> with the URL you copied from Bitbucket.
 ● Pushthe"feature" branch to Bitbucket:
 git push origin feature
 ● Checkyour Bitbucket repository to confirm that the new branch "feature" is available.
 Step 5: Collaborating through Pull Requests
 1. Create a pull request on Bitbucket:
 ○ Gototherepository on Bitbucket.
 ○ Click on "Create pull request."
 ○ Choose the source branch ("feature") and the target branch ("main" or
 "master").
 ○ Reviewthe changes and click "Create pull request."
 2. Review and merge the pull request:
 ○ Addatitle and description for the pull request.
 ○ Assign reviewers if needed.
 ○ Oncethepull request is approved, merge it into the target branch.
 Step 6: Syncing Changes
 ● After the pull request is merged, update your local repository:
 git checkout main
 git pull origin main
 Conclusion:
 This experiment provided you with practical 
